#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-docs.in
#
acme==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   sarif-om
aws-sam-translator==1.79.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
babel==2.13.1
    # via sphinx
bandit==1.7.5
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via cloudflare
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
black==23.11.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
blinker==1.6.3
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.28.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.31.69
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
certbot==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfn-lint==0.83.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloudflare==2.12.4
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
configargparse==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
coverage==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
distro==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
docker==6.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
faker==20.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-flask
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-migrate==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
hvac==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
javaobj-py3==0.4.3
    # via pyjks
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   sphinx
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jschema-to-python==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via cloudflare
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpickle==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
junit-xml==1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
kombu==5.3.2
    # via celery
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
moto[all]==4.2.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   sympy
multipart==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   docker
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
paramiko==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   sarif-om
    #   stevedore
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via click-repl
py-partiql-parser==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via pyjks
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   pyjks
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   josepy
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via logmatic-python
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   celery
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cloudflare
    #   moto
    #   openapi-spec-validator
    #   responses
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   fakeredis
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certsrv
    #   cloudflare
    #   docker
    #   hvac
    #   moto
    #   requests-mock
    #   responses
    #   sphinx
requests-mock==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
responses==0.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
rich==13.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
sarif-om==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
sentry-sdk==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   configobj
    #   ecdsa
    #   flask-restful
    #   jsonschema
    #   junit-xml
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   retrying
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   fakeredis
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-httpdomain==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   pytest
twofish==0.3.0
    # via pyjks
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   responses
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   black
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.8
    # via prompt-toolkit
websocket-client==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   docker
werkzeug==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
