#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
acme==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   certbot
alembic==1.7.7
    # via flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
amqp==5.1.0
    # via kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restful
arrow==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
asyncpool==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   ddtrace
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-core==1.26.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-core
    #   msrest
azure-identity==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.6.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.7.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.6.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-mgmt-cdn==12.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-core==1.3.2
    # via
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
azure-mgmt-network==22.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-mgmt-subscription==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via cloudflare
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.24.96
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.27.96
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bytecode==0.14.0
    # via ddtrace
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-auth
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via ddtrace
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
cert-manager==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cert-orchestration-adapter @ binaries.ddbuild.io/dd-source/python/cert_orchestration_adapter-0.0.5_268949167-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
certbot==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cloudflare==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
configargparse==1.5.3
    # via certbot
configobj==5.0.6
    # via certbot
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   msal
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
ddsketch==2.0.4
    # via ddtrace
ddtrace==0.53.0
    # via cert-orchestration-adapter
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
distro==1.7.0
    # via certbot
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dyn==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
envier==0.4.0
    # via ddtrace
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via cattrs
flask==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-script
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-cors==3.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-migrate==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-restful==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-script==2.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-migrate
future==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.11.0
    # via google-cloud-compute
google-auth==2.16.0
    # via google-api-core
google-cloud-compute==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hvac==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via msrest
itsdangerous==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
javaobj-py3==0.4.3
    # via pyjks
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jmespath==1.0.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jsonlines==3.0.0
    # via cloudflare
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ddtrace
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
logmatic-python==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.2.2
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements.in
msal==1.20.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via azure-identity
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-mgmt-cdn
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-subscription
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.0
    # via ddtrace
paramiko==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via certbot
pem==21.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via click-repl
proto-plus==1.22.2
    # via google-cloud-compute
protobuf==3.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   ddsketch
    #   ddtrace
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-compute
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via pyjks
pyhcl==0.4.4
    # via hvac
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   msal
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   josepy
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via logmatic-python
python-ldap==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   acme
    #   celery
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cloudflare
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   acme
    #   azure-core
    #   cert-manager
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   certsrv
    #   cloudflare
    #   google-api-core
    #   hvac
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via msrest
responses==0.22.0
    # via cert-orchestration-adapter
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.18.1
    # via cert-orchestration-adapter
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   bcrypt
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   click-repl
    #   configobj
    #   ddsketch
    #   ddtrace
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.39.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via ddtrace
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   cert-manager
    #   responses
twofish==0.3.0
    # via pyjks
types-toml==0.10.8.1
    # via responses
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   bytecode
    #   ddtrace
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   cert-orchestration-adapter
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
validators==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ddtrace

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
