#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-tests.txt requirements-tests.in
#
acme==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certbot
alembic==1.16.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.13.2
    # via moto
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudflare
    #   httpx
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
asyncpool==1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
aws-sam-translator==1.99.0
    # via cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.14.0
    # via moto
bandit==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.40.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.40.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
celery[redis]==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
certbot==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv[ntlm]==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfn-lint==1.39.1
    # via moto
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
cloudflare==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
configargparse==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certbot
coverage==7.10.5
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   joserfc
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   types-paramiko
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   limits
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certbot
    #   cloudflare
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
docker==7.1.0
    # via moto
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
faker==37.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restx
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-flask
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-limiter==3.12
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-migrate==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.5.5
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
future==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-cloud-private-ca==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.6
    # via moto
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cloudflare
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restx
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   paramiko
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
javaobj-py3==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjks
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
joserfc==1.3.1
    # via moto
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via cfn-lint
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via moto
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   flask-restx
    #   moto
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
kombu[redis]==5.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.12.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
limits==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-limiter
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
moto[all]==5.1.11
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multipart==1.3.0
    # via moto
mypy==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
networkx==3.5
    # via cfn-lint
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.3
    # via openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   moto
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-limiter
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   gunicorn
    #   kombu
    #   limits
    #   pytest
paramiko==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certbot
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via black
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
py-partiql-parser==0.6.1
    # via moto
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjks
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cloudflare
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via moto
pyrfc3339==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyspnego==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-ntlm
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
pytest-timeout==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask-restx
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   cfn-lint
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   responses
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fakeredis
    #   kombu
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.7.34
    # via cfn-lint
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   certsrv
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   hvac
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   responses
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
requests-ntlm==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   certsrv
responses==0.25.8
    # via moto
retrying==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   flask-limiter
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==2.35.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   cloudflare
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via fakeredis
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via bandit
sympy==1.14.0
    # via cfn-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
twofish==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyjks
types-cffi==1.17.0.20250822
    # via types-pyopenssl
types-deprecated==1.2.15.20250304
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-paramiko==4.0.0.20250822
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-protobuf==6.30.2.20250822
    # via -r requirements.txt
types-pyopenssl==24.1.0.20240722
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   types-redis
types-pyrfc3339==2.0.1.20250825
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
types-pytz==2025.2.0.20250809
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-redis==4.6.0.20241004
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-requests==2.32.4.20250809
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-setuptools==80.9.0.20250822
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.in
    #   types-cffi
types-six==1.17.0.20250515
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20241207
    # via -r requirements-tests.in
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cloudflare
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faker
    #   kombu
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   types-requests
validators==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   moto

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
