#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
acme==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
alembic==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
alembic-autogenerate-enums==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-restful
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
arrow==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   redis
asyncpool==1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   sarif-om
aws-sam-translator==1.87.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
aws-xray-sdk==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
backports-tarfile==1.0.0
    # via jaraco-context
bandit==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
bcrypt==4.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   paramiko
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
boto3==1.38.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   moto
botocore==1.38.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   boto3
    #   moto
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-auth
celery[redis]==5.3.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
certbot==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
certsrv[ntlm]==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
cfn-lint==0.86.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
cloudflare==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
configargparse==1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
configobj==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
coverage==7.9.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
cryptography==45.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   josepy
    #   moto
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyspnego
    #   python-jose
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   secretstorage
    #   sshpubkeys
    #   types-paramiko
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   limits
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
dnspython==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   dnspython3
dnspython3==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
docker==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
docutils==0.21.2
    # via readme-renderer
dyn==1.8.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
    #   python-jose
    #   sshpubkeys
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
faker==37.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   factory-boy
fakeredis==2.29.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
filelock==3.13.3
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-bcrypt
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   pytest-flask
flask-bcrypt==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-cors==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-limiter==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-mail==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-migrate==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-replicated==2.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
flask-sqlalchemy==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-migrate
freezegun==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
future==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
google-cloud-private-ca==1.14.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
grpcio==1.62.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
hvac==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
identify==2.5.35
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
    #   flask
    #   keyring
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   limits
inflection==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==5.3.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.0
    # via keyring
javaobj-py3==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   moto
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
jschema-to-python==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsondiff==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cloudflare
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
jsonpickle==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   cfn-lint
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
junit-xml==1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
keyring==25.1.0
    # via twine
kombu==5.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
limits==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-limiter
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mako==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.23.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
moto[all]==4.2.14
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   sympy
multipart==0.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
mypy==1.16.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
nh3==0.2.17
    # via readme-renderer
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pre-commit
nose==1.3.7
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask-limiter
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   docker
    #   gunicorn
    #   limits
    #   pytest
    #   twine
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certbot
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jschema-to-python
    #   sarif-om
    #   stevedore
pem==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-private-ca
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
py-partiql-parser==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   pyjks
    #   python-jose
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   pyjks
    #   python-ldap
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-sam-translator
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pydantic
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjks==20.0.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   redis
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   josepy
    #   ndg-httpsclient
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
pyrfc3339==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
pyspnego==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   requests-ntlm
pytest==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-flask==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   freezegun
    #   moto
python-jose[cryptography]==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
python-ldap==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certbot
    #   flask-restful
    #   pyrfc3339
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   cfn-lint
    #   cloudflare
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   pre-commit
    #   responses
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
redis==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   fakeredis
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   acme
    #   certsrv
    #   cloudflare
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   hvac
    #   id
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   moto
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   twine
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
requests-ntlm==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   certsrv
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
    #   flask-limiter
    #   twine
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   boto3
sarif-om==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
sentry-sdk==2.30.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   ecdsa
    #   flask-restful
    #   junit-xml
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   fakeredis
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
sshpubkeys==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   bandit
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   cfn-lint
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
twofish==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   pyjks
types-cffi==1.16.0.20240331
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-pyopenssl
types-deprecated==1.2.15.20250304
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-paramiko==3.5.0.20240928
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-protobuf==6.30.2.20250516
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-pyopenssl==24.1.0.20240722
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-redis
types-pyrfc3339==2.0.1.20241107
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   arrow
types-pytz==2025.2.0.20250516
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-redis==4.6.0.20241004
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-setuptools==80.9.0.20250529
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-cffi
types-six==1.17.0.20250515
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-tabulate==0.9.0.20241207
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   aws-sam-translator
    #   black
    #   fakeredis
    #   flask-limiter
    #   kombu
    #   limits
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-json-logger
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   twine
validators==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements-tests.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.6
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   moto
    #   pytest-flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   aws-xray-sdk
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   moto
zipp==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-tests.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
